chore: add procedure to enable vpc_v3 in older kapsule clusters (#4740)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/kubernetes/how-to/manage-allowed-ips.mdx

- A Scaleway account logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing actions in the intended Organization
- [Created](/kubernetes/how-to/create-cluster) a Kubernetes Kapsule or Kosmos cluster
<Message type="tip">

>   Every cluster created after March 8th have this feature enabled by default, you can check if your cluster have it by looking in the console: You should see a `Network` tab in your cluster view. If this is not the case, you can open a support ticket to have it enabled manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Every cluster created after March 8th 2025 has this feature enabled by default. If you do not see the  **Network** tab in your cluster's dashboard in the Scaleway console, then the feature is not enabled on your cluster. You can open a support ticket to have it enabled manually.
```

>   Every cluster created after March 8th 2025 has this feature enabled by default. If you do not see the  **Network** tab in your cluster's dashboard in the Scaleway console, then the feature is not enabled on your cluster. You can open a support ticket to have it enabled manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Every cluster created after March 8th 2025 has this feature enabled by default. If you do not see the **Network** tab in your cluster's dashboard in the Scaleway console, then the feature is not enabled on your cluster. You can [open a support ticket](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) to have it enabled manually.
```
